alihtugas>>>alih tugas
anakemas>>>anak emas
beritahu>>>beri tahu
dutabesar>>>duta besar
hancurlebur>>>hancur lebur
ibukota>>>ibu kota
jurutulis>>>juru tulis
kambinghitam>>>kambing hitam
keatas>>>ke atas
kebawah>>>ke bawah
kebelakang>>>ke belakang
kedalam>>>ke dalam
kedepan>>>ke depan
kekanan>>>ke kanan
kekiri>>>ke kiri
kemana>>>ke mana
keraskepala>>>keras kepala
kerjasama>>>kerja sama
kesana>>>ke sana
kesamping>>>ke samping
ketempat>>>ke tempat
latarbelakang>>>latar belakang
lipatganda>>>lipat ganda
orangtua>>>orang tua
rumahsakit>>>rumah sakit
salah([a-z]{3,})>>>salah $1
saputangan>>>sapu tangan
sepakbola>>>sepak bola
tandatangan>>>tanda tangan
tanggungjawab>>>tanggung jawab
tatabahasa>>>tata bahasa
temuwicara>>>temu wicara
terimakasih>>>terima kasih
tepuktangan>>>tepuk tangan
tak([a-z]{3,})>>>tak $1
tata([a-z]{3,})>>>tata $1
tidak([a-z]{3,})>>>tidak $1